renamed span_frames_min_duration to span_stack_trace_min_duration. Ch… (#2220)
elastic/apm-agent-java: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

* Added support to capture `context.message.routing-key` in rabbitmq, spring amqp instrumentations - {pull}1767[#1767]
* Breakdown metrics are now tracked per service (when using APM Server 8.0) - {pull}2208[#2208]
* Add support for Spring AMQP batch API - {pull}1716[#1716]

> * Added <<config-span-stack-trace-min-duration,`span_stack_trace_min_duration`>> option. This options sets the minimum duration of a span
> for which stack frames will be captured. - {pull}2220[#2220]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added <<config-span-stack-trace-min-duration,`span_stack_trace_min_duration`>> option.
 This replaces the now deprecated `span_frames_min_duration` option.
 The difference is that the new option has more intuitive semantics for negative values (never collect stack trace) and zero (always collect stack trace). - {pull}2220[#2220]
```
